[hip-hop music playing]
♪ One, two, one, two, three ♪
♪ Where Brooklyn at?
Where Brooklyn at? ♪
[soft piano music plays]
[soft piano music playing]
-[Nola] Who the fuck is Onyx?
-[Mars] Never heard of him.
In 7th grade, I woke up one morning...
and these tiny mounds
were occupying my chest.
I pinched, I poked,
but they wouldn't go away.
Overnight, just like that...
life was complicated
by a quarter-pound of flesh.
These.
In school, I was tormented...
okay, teased, by Rashaad Decker,
a horny little punk half my size,
but his words cut like a knife.
I mean, he could read me raw in seconds
and make me feel naked
and ashamed of my body
in front of the entire class.
The humiliation was like a dark keloid
growing around a wound.
And every day... I would go home in tears.
And every day, my mom would say...
Face him down, Nola. Words can't hurt you.
Don't give him your power.
Of course, I know that.
I get it. I'm not fuckin' dense.
But today,
I have something to say to Rashaad
and all those other bitches.
Watch the fuck out!
God, I feel sick.
-Hey, hey, Nola.
-[clears throat] Hm? Hm?
-What?
-Don't worry.
I'mma find out who did this.
Trust me, I got my ways, ways I got my.
A'ight? A'ight? A'ight?
A'ight.
But keep my name out your mouth, okay?
I don't want it out there like that.
And I hope you find him before I do.
You got one thing right. This is war.
Just...
-[sighs]
-I got you.
[piano playing]
"Do I have to give up an essential part
of my self-expression to survive?"
That's Nola's question.
I don't discuss my patients,
but I'm not violating her confidentiality
if I say that...
Well...
My first impressions of Nola Darling?
Insatiable.
And yet, I sense a fragile
but vibrant spirit
just hovering beneath
all that self-protective armor.
She's juggling a lot.
Men, ambitions, emotions.
I'm glad you're here. Let's talk a little
about what you want to accomplish.
I want to...
[clicks tongue]
Breathe. You're carrying
a lot of tension in your face. Just...
take a couple deep breaths.
[inhales deeply]
[exhales slowly]
[softly] Good.
[Nola sniffles]
It's natural to be angry.
You were attacked,
not just once but twice.
First your body and then your art.
What happened to you... is unacceptable,
and it's not your fault.
-[sniffles]
-So, let's just let go of that, okay?
-[sighs] I...
-Yes?
...feel violated.
Anxious, like I wanna cover up and hide,
even from the men in my life.
Okay. Tell me a little
about the men in your life.
Oh, God. [laughs]
-Where to start? Um...
-[chuckles]
They're all really different. [sniffles]
Uh, they feed me in distinct ways.
Sometimes I feel like
they're all threatened by my sexuality.
And I'm sick of feeling like
I have to make decisions
based on the male gaze.
I'm used to knowing what I want
in relationships and in my art,
but, lately, I'm just...
I'm so confused.
When you've been through
some sort of trauma,
it's easy to feel
like you're losing control of your life.
But talking about it is one way
that we start to take back that control.
But here's something to think about.
You can wear full purdah,
show only your eyes,
-and men will still harass you.
-Ugh.
The solution isn't covering up.
It's-It's finding a way
to assert your power
and to move through the world
with confidence.
And we can work on that.
But for now, I want you to do something
that brings you joy.
Exercise.
[both chuckle]
Wear something
that makes you feel confident.
Try something new.
Something that makes you feel good.
Don't let fear dictate your choices.
And don't forget to breathe.
[Nola chuckles]
[both inhale, exhale together]
[pop music playing]
[indistinct chatter, laughter]
I thought Fort Greene
had a lot of strollers.
-[woman] Hello.
-Hi.
-Can I help you guys find anything?
-Nope. Just looking.
-[Clorinda] Pretty.
-Ooh! All black.
-Thanks for coming through.
-You know me.
-You don't need to convince me to shop.
-[Nola chuckles]
Don't you have something to fold?
I'm just trying to be helpful.
The changing room is in the back.
[chuckles]
Ooh, I love this color.
-Nice.
-Right? So...
I took your advice
and started seeing Doc Jamison.
Good. And?
-Mm?
-No. So?
I mean, it was great.
She really helped redirect my energy.
And today, I just wanna go shopping
and forget about all the crazy shit
that's been happening.
Word. This place is cute.
-Thank you.
-What about this one?
The suspense is killing me.
-What do you think?
-Too much drama.
-[meowing]
-Um...
I'm channeling Eartha Kitt.
-What is that?
-First trimester.
Of a kangaroo. Next.
Wow.
Bang!
-Damn.
-I think I'm gonna get it.
Your total is $558.72 with tax.
$558.72? With-With tax?
That's with tax. Excuse me.
[whispers] Excuse me. Jesus Christ,
you can hardly afford your rent.
I can't explain it, Clo,
but I need this dress.
You're too impulsive. Probably why
you keep getting yourself into trouble.
Are you saying it's my fault
I got assaulted?
-No, I'm just saying that this dress is--
-No. No.
Men need to grow up.
If they can't deal with me
in a little black dress, then fuck 'em!
Whatever. I'm just saying
this dress is too expensive.
-How would you like to pay for this?
-Um...
Split it three ways, please.
-["Melanin" playing]
-♪ Yeah, yeah ♪
♪ I got melanin, oh, yeah ♪
♪ I got melanin, you mad? ♪
♪ We got melanin, melanin
Melanin, melanin ♪
♪ Ah ha ♪
♪ I got melanin, oh, yeah ♪
♪ I got melanin, you mad? ♪
♪ We got melanin, melanin
Melanin, melanin ♪
♪ And we got some fat ass too
We can shake it better than you ♪
-♪ Shake it, shake it ♪
-["You Make Me Feel So Young" playing]
♪ You make me feel so young ♪
♪ You make me feel so spring has sprung ♪
♪ And every time I see you grin ♪
♪ I'm such a happy individual ♪
♪ The moment that you speak ♪
♪ I want to go and play hide and seek ♪
♪ I wanna go and bounce the moon ♪
♪ Just like a toy balloon ♪
♪ You and I ♪
♪ Are just like a couple of tots ♪
♪ Runnin' across a meadow ♪
♪ Pickin' up lots of forget-me-nots ♪
-♪ You make me feel so young... ♪
-Glad my driver got you here safely. Damn!
♪ ...there are songs to be sung
Bells to be rung and a wonderful... ♪
I thought a nice dinner might cheer you
up, and I've been dying to see you.
Come on.
Welcome to The River Café. Please come in.
Thank you.
Ah.
This place is live!
What's live is that black dress,
and I can't wait to get you out of it.
-[man] Welcome, Mr. Overstreet.
-Thank you.
Let me take you to your table.
Follow me, please.
♪ You make me feel so young ♪
-That black dress...
-What's wrong?
[Jamie] Business-casual vibe?
[Nola] A little variation on the theme.
Don't get me wrong,
I love your black dress, but goddamn.
-What?
-This ain't exactly a nightclub in Miami.
You know what I'm saying?
-Madam, may I take your coat?
-Yes. [clears throat]
-♪ I wanna go and... ♪
-Ooh!
-Thanks.
-♪ ...just like a toy balloon... ♪
A waiter will come with the menu. Enjoy.
-Thank you.
-Baby, it's a little chilly in here.
♪ ...just like a couple of tots ♪
-♪ Running across a meadow ♪
-Yeah.
-♪ Pickin' up lots of forget-me-nots ♪
-Thanks.
♪ You make me feel so young... ♪
Look, uh...
Nola, I'm sorry I've been so crazy.
I'm just not used to, uh...
hangin' around waiting rooms
with other dudes.
You know what I'm saying?
I think I've been clear
about how I feel about you.
You have and so have I.
Mr. Jamie Overstreet,
I am here with you right now, okay?
It's just you, me, and this kickass view.
♪ You make me feel so young ♪
♪ Ooh, you make me feel so young ♪
-What's this?
-A gift.
Citizen by Claudia Rankine. I love it,
and I want someone to talk to about it.
Truth is, I don't really have many people
in my circle who I think will get it.
Are you clairvoyant?
-I've been meaning to read this.
-Well, good.
You're a complicated puzzle, aren't you?
-I like your curiosity.
-I like yours too.
-Is that right?
-Mm-hm.
I don't see enough of you, Nola Darling.
How can we fix that?
["Witchcraft" playing]
Terms of Endearment.
I understand what you're asking, and I'm
trying to take care of my home situation.
No, I'm sorry. I was thinking
of classic cinematic moments
that were shot at The River Café.
[chuckles]
Terms of Endearment,
directed by James L. Brooks?
Ah, it had Shirley MacLaine,
Jack Nicholson, and what is her name?
She was young at the time--
Oh, Debra Winger!
No, I haven't seen it.
Oh, Jamie, you've gotta see it.
I didn't get to see a lot of old films
growing up.
In my house, it was cable TV or clothing.
Couldn't afford both.
Let's talk about why
you always change the subject
when I ask you a serious question.
-Do I?
-Yeah.
I'm sorry.
Well, shit, what was the question?
Yeah, what was the question?
-You're so serious.
-Mm.
No, I... I love it.
Everyone I know is, like,
in-between places, and...
you're already there.
Makes me want to be there with you.
Well, maybe next May,
I should take you with me to Cannes.
You know you can't just throw that
out there. Now, I expect to go.
I am a man of my word, Nola.
-Really?
-Yeah.
-And your wife, what about her word?
-Not fair.
Right, it's complicated.
I told you we're separated. It's just
a matter of some papers. That's all.
-Pardon me. We have the 2003 Krug for you.
-Uh, we didn't order that.
Oh, this is from the gentlemen
over by the bar.
-[man] Hey!
-[man 2] Jamie!
-[Nola] Who are they?
-Um...
Those are my, uh...
my partners from Overstreet Investment.
That's Phil and Don.
-Hi! Should we invite them over?
-No, no, no.
No, they will only bore you. [chuckles]
-Thank you.
-You're very welcome, sir.
How come I haven't met
any of your friends?
-You never asked.
-I shouldn't have to.
I'm all for keepin' it casual,
but I do not wanna be your secret.
What are you talking about?
You're not. You're not.
To cinema.
[jazz music playing]
[both moaning, chuckling]
-[Jamie] Wait here. You wait right here.
-[Nola] Mmm. It's the Batmobile.
Whoa! Slow down, buddy.
-Watch your step.
-[chortles] Watch your step.
[both chuckling]
-[Jamie sighs]
-Ah...
-I got you.
-Do you? Mm-hm. [chuckles]
[moans]
Can I come up? This black dress
has been speakin' to me all evening.
-What's it been saying?
-You want me to spell it out?
S-E-X. [chuckling]
-Ah. So now you like my black dress?
-Oh, true that.
Hmm. That's not the impression I got
at The River Café.
I love your dress. I told you that.
I was feeling a little, um... protective.
Well, I don't appreciate
the cognitive dissonance.
Well, I'm sorry. It's not a big deal.
It is to me. It hurt my feelings.
Okay.
Now I know.
So, can I come up?
-[giggling]
-Ah.
You know, honestly, Nola,
if you don't want the attention...
you shouldn't be wearin' this black dress.
Excuse me?
I mean...
Good night, Jamie.
-Good night?
-Yup.
-Nola.
-Good night.
-You know you done fucked up, don't you?
-Nola, that's not what I meant.
-[door closes]
-You look great.
[rock music playing]
-[man] Can I get a latte, no foam?
-[indistinct chatter]
[Mars] Yo! Genna, Manny, come through.
Check this out.
Y'all recognize this tag?
I've seen that tag before,
but I don't know that cornball dude.
-We'll ask around, though.
-Yeah, Onyx up in that hateraid.
Yeah, fo sho, fo sho.
-Look, y'all find anything out, hit me up.
-Dawg, I got you.
Yeah. I don't know who the artist is
behind the work, but I love the work.
-[Mars] Dope, right?
-[Genna] Yeah.
[computer dings]
-[slow romantic song plays]
-♪ I know love is a gamble... ♪
♪ If it's war, what am I fighting for? ♪
♪ If I still never earn my stripes ♪
♪ Last round was my... ♪
-[Mars] Damn!
-[both chuckle]
Whoo! I swear to God
you wanna kill a half-nigga.
-Yo, that black dress is the wave.
-[laughs]
And... F.O.B's?
Fresh out the box! Ooh! Fresh out the box!
-[laughs]
-She got the F.O.B's! Damn!
Get up.
-Lord, take me now! I'm good! I'm good!
-Mars. Mars.
-It's your boy! It's Mars!
-Stop. [laughing]
Por favor. Please, baby!
-Please, baby, baby, baby, please!
-Get up!
You don't wanna know what I had to go
through to get these Wally Murk tickets.
Let's just say, thank God,
I only need one kidney.
Word? It's like that?
What, you went all Dirty Pretty Things?
[chuckles]
Let me guess, you never saw that film.
No, but it sounds kinky-dinky.
You need to introduce yourself
to the word "culture."
[both laugh]
Yo, I hope these Wally Murk joints
is worth it.
-Okay?
-Oh, my God. You are so crazy.
Thank you, Mars.
You already know.
And you know what? What you know?
-What?
-Don't say I never did nothin' for you.
I know someone who knows somebody
who might know this Onyx.
Word on the street
is something's gonna drop.
Thanks for keepin' it alive.
-[people cheering]
-[hip-hop music playing]
Ahora, Wally Murk.
-This shit is lit!
-Lit!
[singing indistinctly]
[crowd] Wally Murk! Wally Murk!
[continues singing]
[Mars singing along]
[crowd] Wally Murk!
Come on, man,
why you steppin' on my Jordans?
-[Mars] Those dancers, though!
-Right?
Chill, chill, I'm not lookin' at them.
I'm lookin' at you, girl. Always!
[Nola chuckles]
Yo, what the hell is Murk saying?
I don't know, but it's my shit!
-[crowd] Wally Murk! Wally Murk!
-Okay!
[crowd screaming]
[Nola] Mars, is he pointing at me?
Oh, snap. Oh, yo, my man. Oh, man.
-Yeah. Yeah, we good. Yo, my man.
-[laughing]
-Huh?
-Oh, my God!
I want to dance, girl.
Yo, what's good, baby?
-Whoa! What the fuck?
-What you mean, "What the fuck"?
-Hey, yo!
-Look, baby thug,
-ain't it past your bedtime, motherfucker?
-Chill, chill--
-Shut the fuck up!
-[Mars] Are you serious right now, bro?
Go and take your bitch wit' you!
[crowd cheering]
-Ooh!
-That was crazy.
He's lucky!
I would've kicked that dude's ass
and hung my J's to dry
in the motherfuckin' mornin'.
He was one second away
from gettin' knocked the fuck out.
Clickety-clock! Bang!
-Oh, really?
-Damn straight.
-Okay, Mars.
-Okay? Okay?
-[giggling]
-You know what the problem is.
What?
That black dress...
is like black-on-black crime.
Are you saying my dress is to blame?
I told you that dress
is gonna get a half-nigga killed.
You know what? This has nothing to do
with that dude's stupidity. That's on him.
-Yeah, but I told--
-No, no, no! No "yeah, but."
I wear whatever the hell
I damn well please.
End of story. I'm not gonna let
some fuckboy interfere with my flow.
-Yo, I begged you, though!
-Don't even start with me!
If you can't deal with a black dress,
maybe you can't deal with me, Mars.
'Cause I will not be intimidated.
How you like me now?
I like that.
-In fact, I love that.
-Ugh!
Nola, come on!
I was just jokin', jokin' I was.
Damn! That tight dress squeeze out
all your sense of humor?
I'm done.
Please, mami.
Mami, mami, please.
-Mami, mami, please.
-You're impossible!
-Mami, mami!
-Get off me!
Come on, you mad for real?
You really mad at me?
You almost judo-chopped the shit
out of that dude. That shit was tight.
-[hip-hop music playing]
-♪ Uh ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah ♪
[knocking]
-[Winny] Who that?
-Mekka.
[Winny] Oh, come in, baby girl, come in.
Ugh! It's a heavy-ass door.
Hey.
Hey, Mekka.
You're so handsome when you smile.
Yeah, I like that shit you be sayin',
but serious, though,
I've been thinkin' about this thing
you wanna do, Mekka.
You did some type of search, research,
or some of that shit they call now?
Yeah, I was on the Internet,
I talked with a couple of other girls.
You think everybody's natural up in here?
I don't think you need me.
You hot just the way you is.
But I don't got the trot, right?
You ain't got the trot,
but Eddie Scissors,
he always gives you your dollars and shit.
-You make some money off of Eddie.
-He gives Ezmi more.
[sighs]
Come on, stop backpedalin'.
Damn, Winny Win always got the shit.
I went around the world, baby,
you know that.
I got the money. I'm worried about you.
I give a fuck about you, you know?
You gotta be sure about this shit.
I'm sure.
Here.
Thank you, Winny Win.
I'mma come in for a kiss.
That one dimple you got. [chuckles]
-Thank you. I love you.
-I got love for you, Mekka.
-Who the best? Win the best!
-[Winny] That's right. That's right.
[R&B song playing]
♪ I'm just gettin' off the train ♪
♪ And you'll see me at work all day ♪
-♪ I just wanna get back in the light ♪
-[phone beeps]
[chuckles]
-[camera shutter clicking]
-[Greer] That's right. Love, love.
-Spirit, spirit.
-[camera shutter clicking]
-Nice. What's your names?
-[all] Brexit.
Gonna be bigger than
the motherfuckin' Beatles.
-You know why?
-Why's that?
'Cause you're shootin'
with Greer motherfuckin' Childs.
-[laughing]
-Lucky motherfuckers, you.
[Greer] I swear to God.
Hold it right there. Oh, yeah.
Yes, yes. Head back, head back, head back.
There you go. Sexy.
-God, I am so sexy.
-Surprise.
[in French]
Thanks, blokes. We got it.
-[indistinct chatter]
-Bonjour.
[in French]
[both moaning]
I missed you.
-Yeah?
-Mm-hm.
[Greer] Mm.
What about your other men?
I missed you.
Yeah, I know what you missed.
-Mm! You just get me.
-[laughing]
Vintage velvet. Ooh-la-la.
Most men can't handle this dress.
It's my job to handle this dress.
I want you.
I want you right now.
[both moaning]
You know I only make love
in my lovin' bed.
Relax, no strings. I just wanna taste you.
Is that what you're thinkin'?
Yes. You're too much in your head.
[chuckles]
Come here. I wanna take your picture.
I mean, if that's okay, you know?
-[Greer] Oh, I never get to do this.
-[camera shutter clicks]
-What's that?
-This. Capturing realness.
A beautiful black woman
with contours and curves.
[camera shutter clicking]
Your work is so amazing, Greer.
You ever think about making
more space for your own art?
-Shh, shh, shh...
-Seriously?
-Motherfucker, you did not just shush me.
-[sighs] Would you stay still?
So fuckin' sexy,
especially when you're perturbed.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Put a little sex in that smile for me.
Mm. Darling, I wanna taste you right now.
Okay, Greer, um,
you're making me uncomfortable.
My Nikon is gettin' a hard-on.
-You know what? Stop.
-Stay right there.
-Stop.
-Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
-Stay right there!
-Greer, I said stop!
-Whoa!
-What the fuck is wrong with you?
-What?
You're making me uncomfortable.
What's wrong? I mean, look at this.
It's some good stuff.
I thought we were having fun.
Uh, we're not.
I'm not one of your goddamn models.
-Okay, we don't have to do this.
-No! We don't have to do this.
I thought you got it, but...
clearly, you need to take several seats.
I don't wanna be captured
or posed or possessed, okay?
You know what? Just fuck this!
Fuck you! Fuck-- Fuck all of you!
Fuck all of who?
Nola, what the hell is wrong with you?
I'm sorry?
Nola!
[buzzing]
♪ Keep looking ♪
Nola!
You wear that black dress well, baby.
Thank you, Miss Ella.
You know what Coco Chanel said?
No, what?
"Look for the woman in the dress.
If there is no woman, there is no dress."
Show what you got, baby.
[both chuckle]
["Anytime" playing]
Yo, Michael, my main man.
I know you hear me, money.
It's your boy,
Mars Black-to-the-motherfuckin'-mon.
Yes, yes, y'all.
Please watch over my woman, Nola.
She be puttin' in that mad work.
She deserves to win, yo.
Mad love and respect... Mars.
♪ Oh ♪
♪ I can't remember why we fell apart ♪
♪ From something that was so meant to be ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Forever was the promise in our hearts ♪
♪ Now, more and more
I wonder where you are ♪
♪ Do I ever cross your mind, anytime? ♪
♪ Do you ever wake up
Reaching out for me? ♪
♪ Do I ever cross your mind, anytime? ♪
♪ I miss you ♪
♪ No more ♪
♪ Loneliness and heartache ♪
♪ Crying myself to sleep ♪
♪ No more ♪
♪ Wondering about tomorrow ♪
♪ Won't you come back to me? ♪
♪ Come back to me, oh ♪
♪ Do I ever cross your mind, anytime? ♪
♪ I miss you ♪
[soft piano music plays]